Note: totally  non-functional


This is a simple game made with pygame. Hopefully, it may one day implment a
d20-like system. The title is short for "double dungeons rogue" because i
wanted a quick name. Improvements are welcome.

guide: 
    \: partially done
    x: done


Controls:
    <-, h: move left
    /\, j: move up
    \/, k: move down
    ->, l: move right
    ESC: quit
    Tab: switch focused UI element
    click to move to that location


immediate list:
    OGC compliance: move all game content out of code and into text files
    turn UI (5-ft step, move/swift/immediate/full round/standard actions)
    functionality from standard character actions (move, bull rush, disarm)
    rudimentary ai that will move and attack the closest/weakest character


Next on the list is flush out the UI for the encounter scenes. A basic UI has
been implemented containing an event log, a map, and a heads up display
containing player character information. An interface for abilities is required
next. This will include special abilities that all characters get, such as trip
or bull rush.

Once encounter combat is finished and character creation has been established,
i will pronounce that version 0.1 and tag it as the most likely place to fork
for a straight dungeon crawler.


This will be more of a 2d neverwinter nights roguelike. There will be a party
system, a world travel system which utilizes skills like survival to mitigate
circumstantial penalties like terrain or reduce the chances of running into a
monster in the night. There will also be towns with quests and opportunities
for skill usage, theivery, information gathering, etc. Ideally there would be
some element of randomized dungeons as well as randomized encounters.

There are a few open source dnd-esque python games that have been implemented.
One of them, by tomzimmer, gave me the inspiration to use the standard library
module `shelve` for saving and loading games.


## Planned Feature Notes ##

+ Character creation
    This would be a series of user prompts, such as:
        - Race
        - Class
        - Roll Stats
        - Select Skills
        - Select Feats
        - Start off in town to purchase initial gear from shops, or a tutorial
          world?

+ Races
    Initially just the classic few, Humans, Dwarves, Gnomes, Halfings, Elves.
    Ideally monsters would be implemented in a way that they could be given
    class leveles.

+ Classes
    Ideally all base classes, the differences between a wizard and a sorcerer
    are quite pronounced in a game.
    Theoretically prestige classes as well once there's enough content to get
    to level 10.

+ Equpment
    Such as swords, spears, bows, armor, shields, rope, camping gear, etc.

+ Skills
    Skills must be examined for usefulness. Some, like spellcraft or climb,
    present obvious merit in certain circumstances.

+ Feats
    Feats likewise must be examined for simple to implement cases such as skill
    boosts, metamagic feats, or item creation feats.

+ Spells
    Spell per day system sounds fine, but doing it this way may make soloing
    less desireable.

+ Combat rules
    All things available in pathfinder should be available, reach based on size
    or weapons, tripping, falling prone, etc. Iirc pathfinder also has stances,
    which might be interesting.

+ Craft/Magic Item creation
    System already exists, requires XP, knowledge of the spells, gold and
    ingredients.

+ Map Generation
    Optionally generated or hand made for adventures.

+ World map
    Would allow sleeping, random encounters, skill/spell usage.
    Height generated map with cities. Have presets like size of city, modifiers
    based on location (swamp, mountains, etc), proximity to country capital.
    Country mechanics would be cool down the road, hire on as a mercenary and
    help one country take over the world.
